I’ve been working on the code test quite a bit for the past few days. I have the BigCommerce account, the Stencil CLI, and the token for my page, and I have Cornerstone downloaded with my page integrated from the token and the code opened in Visual Studio Code and am running the page through “stencil start”. I have a new category “Special Items” with a “Special Item” with two pictures, although I did that through the BigCommerce page. I’m now on trying to change the image when the user hovers. That’s easy for me to do with JavaScript or CSS obviously, but the challenge is that I don’t have a lot of experience quickly adapting to an amount of code this size in order to find the images in the code.  

Each day gets easier and I understand a lot more; the partials are the hardest part, following the trail of a partial that leads to another partial that leads to another partial for example. Handlebars and JQuery and GraphQL are relatively new to me, although obviously they aren’t hard to figure out. I know about the JavaScript files in the “assets” folder and the HTML files in the “templates” folder and am generally comfortable navigating around the different directories. What I have been doing while trying to figure out the situation with the images is adding “Hello World” in various places on the pages, changing things in the “settings” of config.json, et cetera in order to understand how the pages are arranged.  

I have spent a lot of time on the BigCommerce developer documentation as you recommended as well. It’s helping, although I’m used to combining documentation with YouTube videos and Stack Overflow questions in order to solve problems, and I haven’t been able to find so many videos or questions to help learn how developers can make modifications on the platform.  

BigCommerce is really cool, and I’m still working on learning more and am still very much interested in the job, but my candidacy obviously depends on your business needs and how much guidance you can provide me while still making my employment profitable for you.  

Let me know what you think. Thank you!  
